feat: add rename to README.md (#1106)
o1-labs/o1js: README.md

# o1js &nbsp; [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/o1js.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/o1js) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/o1-labs/o1js/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> (O)1 Labs has renamed SnarkyJS to o1js, effective immediately!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
O(1) Labs has renamed SnarkyJS to o1js, effective immediately!
```

This name change reflects the evolution of our vision for the premiere toolkit used by developers to build zero knowledge-enabled applications, while paying homage to our technology's recursive proof generation capabilities.

> Your favorite functionalities stay the same. Transitioning to o1js a quick and easy process:

Reviewer 2: Your favorite functionality stays the same and transitioning to o1js a quick and easy process:

> Your favorite functionalities stay the same. Transitioning to o1js a quick and easy process:

Author: ```suggestion
Your favorite functionality stays the same and transitioning to o1js is a quick and easy process:
```
